Ambiguities or omissions in the statement of requirements for this part of a ticket-issuing system may include:
 1. It is not clear how the user selects the destination. Is there a touch screen, a keyboard, or some other interface?
 2. It is not clear what happens if the credit card is invalid. Is the user prompted to enter another card or is the transaction canceled?
 3. It is not clear what happens if the personal identification number is incorrect. Is the transaction canceled or is the user prompted to enter it again?
 4. It is not clear whether there is a limit to the number of destinations that can be displayed on the menu. How many destinations will be displayed? Will the list be scrollable?
5. It is not clear whether the system will print a physical ticket or if it will issue an electronic ticket.
6. It is not clear whether the system will provide any feedback to the user during the transaction, such as an estimated time for completion or a progress bar.

Based on the above ambiguities and omissions, the following non-functional requirements for the ticket-issuing system can be defined:
The system shall provide a clear and intuitive interface for users to select their destination.
The system shall provide clear and helpful error messages when the credit card is invalid or the personal identification number is incorrect.
The system shall be able to handle a large number of destinations on the menu and provide an easy-to-use mechanism for scrolling through the list.
The system shall print a physical ticket that clearly displays the destination, date, and any other relevant information.
The system shall provide feedback to the user during the transaction to indicate progress and estimated time for completion.
The system shall have a high level of security to protect user credit card information and personal identification numbers.
The system shall be available 24/7 to allow users to purchase tickets at any time.
The system shall be able to handle a large number of simultaneous transactions to avoid delays or errors.
The system shall be reliable and have a low error rate, to ensure that users can purchase tickets quickly and easily.

Assumptions:
The system will be designed to accept all major credit cards.
The personal identification number will be a four-digit number that the user creates when they first use the system.
The system will be installed at train stations and will be available for use by anyone, regardless of their technical expertise.